README.md, before:

# AnguLab15

> A sample project for Angular15 workshop demos

![anguLab](docs/angulab.png)

[Repository](https://github.com/AlbertoBasalo/angulab15/)

- 🚚 Install dependencies `npm i`

- 🏭 Build the Home Lib `npm run build home`.

- 🚀 Execute `npm start` to run the main App.

- 📕 Read the [`docs`](./docs/) folder content for more info.

- 🍳 There are a [CLI journal](./docs/CLI.md) with all the run commands.

---

<footer>
  <h3>🧑🏼‍💻 By <a href="https://albertobasalo.dev" target="blank">Alberto Basalo</a> </h3>
  <p>
    <a href="https://twitter.com/albertobasalo" target="blank">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/albertobasalo?logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge" alt="twitter albertobasalo" />
    </a>
  </p>
  <p>
    <a href="https://github.com/albertobasalo" target="blank">
      <img 
        src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/albertobasalo?logo=github&label=profile albertobasalo&style=for-the-badge" alt="git albertobasalo" />
    </a>
  </p>
</footer>

Commit message:

docs: readme instructions and project structure

README.md, after:

# AnguLab15

> A sample project for Angular15 workshop demos

![anguLab](docs/angulab.png)

[Repository](https://github.com/AlbertoBasalo/angulab15/)

## Instructions to execute

- ➿ Clone this repo

- 🚚 Install dependencies `npm i`

- 🏭 Build the Home Lib `npm run build home`.

- 🚀 Execute `npm start` to run the main App.

- 📕 Read the [`docs`](./docs/) folder content for more info.

- 🍳 There are a [CLI journal](./docs/CLI.md) with all the run commands.

---

## Workspace scaffolding

- 📂 projects
  - 📂apps
    - 🌐 www
  - 📂 routes
    - 🗺️ home

---

<footer>
  <h3>🧑🏼‍💻 By <a href="https://albertobasalo.dev" target="blank">Alberto Basalo</a> </h3>
  <p>
    <a href="https://twitter.com/albertobasalo" target="blank">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/albertobasalo?logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge" alt="twitter albertobasalo" />
    </a>
  </p>
  <p>
    <a href="https://github.com/albertobasalo" target="blank">
      <img 
        src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/albertobasalo?logo=github&label=profile albertobasalo&style=for-the-badge" alt="git albertobasalo" />
    </a>
  </p>
</footer>
